feat(changelog): containers-added-json-editor-for-environment-variables- 2025-09-19 (#5534)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/september2025/2025-09-19-containers-added-json-editor-for-environment-variables-.mdx

---
title: JSON editor for environment variables and secrets
status: added
date: 2025-09-19
category: serverless
product: containers
---

> In the Scaleway Console, to create and edit environment variables we added two modes: **Classic** and **JSON**.
> 
> It enhances the experience when importing and editing multiple entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Scaleway Console, you can now create and edit environment variables using two modes: **Classic** and **JSON**.

This makes it easier to import and manage multiple entries at once.
```
